Upgrade to Lucene 10.1.0 (#17327)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/6.0.0.rst

Breaking Changes
================

> - The 'dutch_kp' and 'lovins' token filters are no longer available, as they have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``dutch_kp`` and ``lovins`` token filters are no longer available, as they have
```

And the storage compatibility aspect should also be mentioned
